Hello my dear, that you will return
you want to be in this video
I with you these two baby creams of
garnier test for example
to compare
and it is this one
moisturizing bb cream and the
matt version for greasy and mixed skin
and I wish you in this video
We are very happy when we come
first to the normal bb cream and there
Gunn promises 24 hours each
Moisture a radiant complexion
she should also have a shiny skin
fold and hide blemishes
has a sun protection factor of 15 and in
the product to 50 milliliters
which you can buy for nine euro 95
The matte baby cream promises 24
hours of moisture a radiant
complexion a shiny skin as well
she should collect the pores has one
sun protection factor of 20 and in this
product are 40 milliliters contain the
you can buy for seven euro 95 now
we come to the consistency of the bab creams
at the normal bibi green you can
realize that it's a relatively solid one
Consistency is but it can be very
distribute well
Here you can see the consistency of the coat
baby seen and there you can already
find that they are compared to
normal bibi cream very much
liquid is now we come to
Apply the bab krems and have for that
I use a brush and you can
see that the normal baby cream itself
pretty good to spread on the face but
in the end result she is very very
Shiny on the skin I have you
now here again in the whole
Close with recorded that you the
direct comparison have in the normal
bibi cream you can tell that
a very very brilliant I think
come out end I recommend you
plus the whole thing with one
transparent potter a little too
so fix the durability over
The day is given in any case
the matte baby cream you can
determine
because she is very fluid
the very product in the brush
disappears and therefore I recommend you
In any case, the whole thing with the fingers
in the face
just to save a little product
the matt bibi green is also possible
spread very well on the skin
Here you can also once again the
See the end result with I think she has
a very nice matting effect
and of course it is not there again
necessary that he with a transparent
puberty what the blinding concerned
I found that the normal bb
cream can blend very well
So here you can almost no edge
can continue to detect each cream
however, I found that one
but can see a slight edge
The whole thing is not so good
Blend because somehow this one
little darker though she is 14 bright
skin type is suitable
then we come to opacity and for it
I have a little kohl on
given the back of the hand to the direct
to have a comparison and as you can see
can
the shiny baby cream covers well
but it still seems a bit kajal
so here you can get from one
medium opacity also contribute
I have the matte baby cream again
a little kajal on the back of the hand
given and you can see if I am
she has distributed all of that very much
Very well covers and one from the canal
actually see almost nothing
can
I hope you liked the video
and was helpful
Of course I would like one over
thumbs up from you and look forward
if you subscribe to my channel subscribed
I also like to go to the
comments which bb premier of garnier
I think it's best to link now
like to have my last two
videos that is once a mail art where
I of Arizona it's me a little
have inspired and also one
dm hall if you want then there could be
also like to have a look and then see
We'll be back in the next video
That's good